Ι Parracis. ix

v'and learner. In theory nothing can be better, so lar as
it goes, than the object which the editor, from whom Ι

Ι quoted a moment ago, proposes to himself—‘⁶ oassist

the reader to grasp the main idea of a Latin sentence.”
School editions, must not aim to make a parade ol
scholarship. The notes should be accurate, but not
exhaustive. They must assume that the teacher is intel·
ligent, and must leave the student something to do.
Mythology, history, geography, antiquities, are proper

ι subjects for the explanations of the teacher, or the inves-

tigation of the student, so far as time allows. But the
study of words, the acquisition oi avocabulary‚ and the
development ol power to understand and translate,
should be brought into the foreground.

There is great room for improvement in vocabularies.
They may be made to combine most ol the advantages

Ι ol the larger lexiconS, of special dictionaries, and ol

word-indexes ol the old sort. By copious references to
passages in the book or author, they should enable
teacher and student to make constant comparisons
between different uses of the same word. The relation-
ships of words should be brought out by exhibiting them
in groups or families. A certain amount of explanation
in the language itself is advantageous. This is the
easiest‚ the most natural, and the most effective way to
introduce the learner to the study ot synonyms. The
equivalent of elliptical or complicated expressions may
often be given in more expanded or simplet form, with-
'out interposing English.

Such in general have been the ideas that have deter-
mined the plan and controlled the preparation of this

 

